#1---What is the use of RDS?
 Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) makes it easy to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud. 
 It provides cost-efficient and resizable capacity while automating time-consuming administration tasks 
 such as hardware provisioning, database setup, patching and backups.
 
 #2---What is S3 bucket used for?
Amazon Simple Storage Service is storage for the Internet. It is designed to make web-scale computing easier for developers. 
Amazon S3 has a simple web services interface that you can use to store and retrieve any amount of data, at any time, from anywhere on the web.

#3--What is Auto-scaling?
Auto-scaling is a way to automatically scale up or down the number of compute resources that are being allocated to your application based on its needs at any given time. 
Before cloud computing, it was very difficult to scale a website, let alone figure out a way to automatically scale (autoscale) a server setup.

#4-- What is EBS used for?
Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS) is an easy to use,
high-performance, block-storage service designed for use with Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) for both throughput and transaction intensive workloads at any scale.

#5-What is EC2 in AWS?
You can use Amazon EC2 to launch as many or as few virtual servers as you need, configure security and networking, and manage storage.

#6--What is Jenkins and why we use it?
Jenkins is an open-source automation tool written in Java with plugins built for Continuous Integration purposes.
Jenkins is used to build and test your software projects continuously making it easier for developers to integrate changes to the project, 
and making it easier for users to obtain a fresh build.

#7-What is Git and why it is used?
Git is a version control system for tracking changes in computer files and coordinating work on those files among multiple people. 
It is primarily used for source code management in software development, but it can be used to keep track of changes in any set of files.

#8--What is Docker exactly?
Docker is an open platform for developing, shipping, and running applications. Docker enables you to separate your applications 
from your infrastructure so you can deliver software quickly.
With Docker, you can manage your infrastructure in the same ways you manage your applications.

#9--What is meant by DevOps?
DevOps (a portmanteau of “development” and “operations”) is the combination of practices and tools 
designed to increase an organization's ability to deliver applications and services faster than traditional software development processes.

#10-What is terraform used for?
Terraform is a tool for building, changing, and versioning infrastructure safely and efficiently. 
Terraform can manage existing and popular service providers as well as custom in-house solutions.
Configuration files describe to Terraform the components needed to run a single application or your entire datacenter.
